# Sample apps

A collection of fun Investec Developer apps. **Give them a try by forking the repo.**

We've built each app so that it boots in a few simple steps and showcases how Investec Developer product features can be used in the wild.

{% hint style="success" %}
**Need a Sandbox?:** Check out <mark style="background-color:yellow;">community-created</mark> _mock API_ and _CLI card emulators_ [here](https://github.com/Investec-Developer-Community/Community-Projects?tab=readme-ov-file#community-created-sandboxes).
{% endhint %}

<table data-card-size="large" data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p>A web app that helps you budget and gain insight into your spending habits by visualising your transaction data. </p><ul><li><a href="https://github.com/programmable-banking-community/budgify">GitHub repo</a></li><li><p>The dashboard is built using Javascript and provides a view of:</p><ul><li>Your current account balance</li><li>Your total income and total expenses</li><li>Automated categorisation of your transactions</li><li>Weekly breakdown of your income and expenses</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Uses the<a href="https://developer.investec.com/za/api-products"> Investec Transactions History API</a></li></ul></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Budgify (1).png">Budgify (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><p>An iOS widget that helps you monitor your spend by visualising your daily spend on your mobile phone.</p><ul><li><a href="https://github.com/programmable-banking-community/track-my-spend-ios-widget">GitHub repo</a></li><li><p>The widget is built using Javascript and Scriptable and shows:</p><ul><li>Your total spend for the day </li><li>The last 5 transactions on your account </li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Uses the <a href="https://developer.investec.com/za/api-products">Investec Transactions History API</a></li></ul></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Track-my-spend.png">Track-my-spend.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><p>Code that can be deployed to your Investec programmable card to control usage of the card.</p><ul><li><a href="https://github.com/programmable-banking-community/budget-breeze">GitHub repo</a></li><li><p>The 2 files (env.jsn and main.jsn) will enable you to:</p><ul><li>Set expense categories (eg groceries, petrol) </li><li>Assign transactions per category (eg. picknpay = groceries)</li><li>Set environment variables (eg. groceries limit =R6000)</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Uses <a href="https://developer.investec.com/za/programmable-card">Investec Programmable Cards</a> and the IDE environment on Investec Online </li><li>You can also use the <a href="https://developer.investec.com/za/api-products/documentation/SA_Card_Code">Programmable Card API </a>to update environment variables without the IDE.</li></ul></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Budget  Breeze.png">Budget  Breeze.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><p>A web app that helps you maximise your savings by automatically transferring money between your current and savings account. </p><ul><li><a href="https://github.com/Investec-Developer-Community/save-it">GitHub repo</a></li><li><p>The app is built with Javascript and allows you to:</p><ul><li>Set a minimum and maximum amount that you wish to maintain in your current account (you set the rules)</li><li>Set the frequency at which you want the rules to run (every 10 min, 20 min or 30 min)</li><li>Automatically transfer the optimal amount between your current and savings account and maintain this at the frequency that you set.</li></ul></li></ul><ul><li>Uses the <a href="https://developer.investec.com/za/api-products">Investec Transfer API</a>.</li><li><strong>Note</strong>: Save-It uses a cron job to run the rules at the frequency that you set. This means that you will need to keep the app running in the background for the rules to run and for the money to continue to be transferred between your accounts.</li></ul></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Save-it.png">Save-it.png</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

{% hint style="info" %}
We encourage you to pick an app, fork the repo and get it up and running for yourself!
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Need a Sandbox:** Check out community-created mock API and CLI card emulators [here](https://github.com/Investec-Developer-Community/Community-Projects?tab=readme-ov-file#community-created-sandboxes).
{% endhint %}

